grimace virile IX Eunice M to automix as
a dual keyring self-adhesive resin
cement supplied in an auto mix orange it
is used for the adhesive cementation
of indirect all ceramic composite or
metal restorations and for posts and
screws when rely X Eunice m2 auto mix is
used bonding and conditioning of the
tooth structure is not necessary prior
to final cementation clean the
preparation or cavity thoroughly with
pumice slurry rinse with a water spray
and lightly air dry or use cotton
pellets to dry it off do not over dry
remove and discard the sealing cap from
the auto mix syringe check the syringe
opening for blockage remove any paste
plugs ensure equal base and catalyst
paste flow by squeezing out a small
quantity of paste and discard attach the
mixing tip and secure it by turning it
to the right when using the wide mixing
tip attach an intraoral tip or the endo
tip squeeze out and discard a cuppa corn
sized quantity until an evenly mixed
pace in a modulus color flows out of the
tip apply rely X USM to auto mix evenly
to the entire cavity and as appropriate
to the bottom side of the inlay on LY or
fill the crown with cement
keep the opening of the mixing tip
immersed in the material to prevent the
inclusion of any air bubbles leave the
used mixing tip on the auto mix syringe
as a cap until the next application seat
the restoration firmly
[Music]
excess cement is best removed after
brief two-second light exposure or
during gel phase starting three minutes
after beginning of mixing for final
curing light cure each surface for 20
seconds this video shows an edited
clinical case for complete directions
and procedural steps please refer to the
product instructions for use and/or the
technique guy